quick story in my last rent guests video
do you guys remember this first player I
showed most of the contestants correctly
identified him as a diamond specifically
diamond 3 yes let's go but there was
something about the way he was playing
that especially triggered my comments
section now I'm used to getting dumb or
weirdly aggressive comments and it is
YouTube after all but this was a whole
nother level comment after comment after
comment specifically targeting this poor
guy he's so bad he doesn't deserve to be
in diamond how could he play so badly
and be so high ranked how are my games
so much faster even though I'm lower
ranked I'm better than him he must have
been boosted and so on and so on and on
and on I had literally hundreds of
comments basically trashing this dude
but the thing is he probably didn't even
know he was in the video because all the
gameplay I get for guests that rank is
pulled from a random database of replay
files so was these crazy comments kept
coming in I had an idea how would this
dude react if you realized all these
haters were specifically calling him out
what if I was able to track down that
player and get him to come back and
defend himself against the very people
thrashing him in my comments could some
of these very confident trash talkers
actually beat him like they claimed
today we're gonna find out meet papa
moon not only was I able to find him he
was very enthusiastic about getting a
second chance on my channel especially
when I showed him some of the comments
getting his opponents to participate was
a little harder I had to individually
reply to dozens of comments in order to
find enough people who were willing to
back up their talk but soon enough I had
a veritable army of cocky silvers Gold's
plats and diamonds ready to take on this
quote terrible diamond player it was
time for Papa moon's revenge
[Music]
about half the commenters were also from
Europe but I didn't want them to be able
to use ping as an excuse so I made Papa
moon play on EU servers hey speaking of
changing server regions Papas revenge is
sponsored by Nordby pn a lot of you guys
are probably already familiar with what
a VPN is but if you don't know it's
basically an application that lets you
send and receive data while staying
anonymous and secure online I've been
using VPNs for years especially when
traveling but now that we aren't doing
much traveling I found another useful
feature of Nord and that's the ability
to make it appear like you're in another
country for region-locked content for
instance I've been binging the last
dance which is fantastic by the way but
if you want to watch it on Netflix it's
only on there outside of the US so all I
had to do was open Nord set my location
to Canada and boom there it is on
Netflix so right now if you go to Nord
BPM comm slash sunless Khan you can get
the ridiculous deal of 70% off the
three-year plan so it's like 350 a month
that also gets you access to the Android
or iOS app to use your VPN on mobile
super fast servers 24/7 customer support
and tons of other features so again go
to Nord VPN comm slash sunless Khan and
get secure today
well I play better than that first
diamond three and I'm a gold - alright
squeezy I'm really excited to see a gold
- that plays better than a diamond treat
should be very very exciting here he's
on the ball okay he can kind of dribble
I could see an upset he might be better
Papa Moon says otherwise though since
he's not at one's main but seems to be
holding his own against Squiggy Squiggy
actually he scored a goal though kept it
close to one well it was kind of close
for the first half of the game and then
in the second half
Papa Moon got warmed up and thought the
moon got kind of scary gonna lie you
tell Papa's playing for revenge he's got
a four goal lead doesn't care he's gonna
run it up he's gonna make his point we
get it but he still wasn't done he
couldn't stop scoring started turtling
starts showboating a little bit for the
most part this all these matches stayed
really wholesome though everyone saying
nice shot nice one thanks Papa moon with
zero seconds really needs to score that
13th goal just to really prove his point
and he kind of has so I'm starting to
think maybe the gold player does not
play better than the diamond three okay
someone explain to me why I am stuck in
silver when the player at the start is
diamond that makes no sense I am miles
better than all the diamond and plat
miles better well I like the confidence
I also like the wholesomeness actually I
really like this guy I liked all these
contestants it wasn't it wasn't like
they were toxic like they weren't being
mean they were just super confident
there's nothing toxic about that I
respect them for coming on here and
trying to back up their talk you know
that takes some gumption pop did Papa
Moon just try to do a Musti flick there
unfortunately miss from the silver
Papa's gonna start eating those up
lamenting the missed open net opposite
the best of us papa
big mistake there the silver takes
advantage it's three to one didn't miss
that one
but boost over ball will get you he
knows it he sees the mistake now this is
scary look at Papa man zero seconds
again he loves scoring with zero seconds
to really stretch it out deflate his
opponents commenter three first person
is diamond that's what my silver games
look like okay it's time for the first
two V two let's see what Papa Moon can
do in silver wording to these guys
exactly what silver games look like
although it's probably just a joke
he already admits he's like yeah maybe
it's a little easier when you're
watching yeah I don't think they're
banging those top corner and silver now
pop and his teammate started having a
little fun with these guys passing
around them so yeah basically it wasn't
wasn't even close but we thought we'd do
the 1v1 Papa gets a little dunk says you
can't talk [__] about me not even
jokingly but Papa kept going for two one
it's getting out of hand when you're
putting up a solid effort it's just not
enough to contain an angry Papa man new
PC new hands new gamer gloves that
excuse to be honest Papa Moon runs it up
again won't stop this this dude is just
an absolute savage when he gets a lead
pulls out the 180 degree backflip flick
and then tries to Musti and again the
musti's are a little a little rough I'm
not gonna lie Papa mu needs to stop with
the musti's on to the next these ranks
are nothing like the people I verse I'm
a gold too and if I came up against that
diamond 3 it would be an easy win well
you get to come up against that diamond
3 let's see the easy win oh my that
actually wasn't that great of a flick
but still gets in Papa Moon close one
nice shot there being extremely
wholesome like I said there was 0-2
toxicity in this Papa's teammate helping
him out good old Dylan I don't know
about that car design it's extremely
spikey but it's working for him and it's
working for Papa actually this was an
own-goal
they're gonna skip that see how
wholesome they're they didn't even show
it you have to you have to actually go
back in the video if you want to see
that again so the one thing one was
actually much closer this this commenter
actually did an excellent job in the 1v1
at one point who was winning three to
one
he's killing it I thought he was gonna
actually upset him in the 1v1 then Papa
ties it up here I just thought this was
hilarious off the kick off this shot
stayed on the ball and there was no one
on the screen for I swear five seconds
it was hilarious I know why that made me
laugh so much but Papa Moon breaks out
and gets a goal tied up just a little
over a minute how am i legging I'm not
even in the game and I'm lagging Papa
misses a flick there but he's right back
on the ball just gets it over the common
terse add two goal lead now with three
seconds yep that's pretty much the nail
in the coffin for Papa Moon wins again
I am gold but I've played better than
this diamond 3-gun how is this possible
well I guess we're gonna find out he's
on the ball right now Oh actually lays
out a perfect pass to Papa moon
this one's three to nothing forward or
Nothing early actually he fired the
nothing yeah this one really just was
never close I'm Platt and I play better
than the diamond three this is a good
one we're getting up to plat now this is
where he actually could get upset
[Music]
definitely possible for a plat on a good
day to beat it John
I never mind this is Papa Mary who are
we kidding
this guy has revenge coursing through
his veins look at this
absolute savage from Papa Moon five to
one six to one this was honestly just
brutal
probably Papa's best game seven to one
was still a minute left he's already got
the Brazil he doesn't care about the
Brazil he just wants more goals eight to
one papa moon
now everyone grabbed there to be two
teammate see if this one's a little
closer it was won 2-1 after about two
minutes and then Papa moon whips out a
doomsie dish did not see this coming
from Papa Moon he's actually I believe
he's gotten much better since he was in
the video he informed me of this in fact
I wasn't sure if it was gonna be
realized in the video but he's clearly
better that was only from a month ago
that replay but he's now informed me
that he's reached champ 2 for this
teammate so this actually is quite a bit
more lopsided than it even initially
appeared since he's no longer even in
diamond 3 which actually makes it even
funnier that they were shit-talking in
last one I'm a diamond too in two
sweating my ass off just to see a guy in
d3 play like a silver noise so these
guys are actually in diamond so this is
gonna be our closest match and I've
saved this for last these guys
definitely had the best car design by
far beautiful yellow and red designs but
unfortunately doesn't translate to
gameplay papa moon's here up over his
haters they were struggling pretty hard
here you have to also understand they
were probably pretty nervous you know
getting put on the spot being in a video
they did agree to it but it had to have
been nervous
I'm sure Papa moon and his teammate were
nervous as well but didn't show it there
flicks it over both of them no problem
they fought back though 3 2 1
it kept it close these guys have skill
they're there they're just not quite at
papa moon's level this is a close game
so we did a little rematch I guess the
real takeaway here is even if you can do
a couple tricks in free play when you're
watching someone else play in a video it
always looks much easier and the truth
is you're probably you're ranked for a
reason now watch we're gonna get a bunch
of comments saying how bad these trash
talkers were for their rank come back
from my next video where the trash
talkers in this video versus the trash
talkers in the comments of this video
trash-talking them
[Music]